Add register_table procedure usage instructions (#25536)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/iceberg.md

default. The procedure is enabled only when
`iceberg.register-table-procedure.enabled` is set to `true`.

> Avoid registering multiple tables with the same location, or registering a table with a location different from the original location.

Reviewer: nit: wrap to 80 chars per line

Author: Hi @findinpath , I import code style templete from this repo, https://github.com/airlift/codestyle, do I need to change it?

Reviewer 2: @XavieLee The code style seems not affect the doc

Author: got it, updated.

> In addition, the procedure expects registering same table with the same location, do not registering more than one table with same location.

Reviewer 2: wrap into two lines.
Just curious how does the procedure register with same table(name)?

`do not registering` -> `avoids registering`

default. The procedure is enabled only when
`iceberg.register-table-procedure.enabled` is set to `true`.

> In addition, the procedure expects registering same table with the same location, avoids 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Avoid registering multiple tables with the same location, or registering a table with a location different from the original location.
```

I think this is closer to what @ebyhr meant..

Reviewer 4: The procedure throws exceptions when "registering a table with a location different from the original location". Users can't do that either way.

Author: got it, updated.

Reviewer 4: There is no need to mention the 2nd part in my opinion. It's prohibited in the procedure.

Author: noted, updated.
